build trust with my team and for the team member or yeah maybe the numbers
out of stumbled you know the easiest thing to do is just standing
watch doing drills they just continue to do that for this because
the trolls right okay and everyone is happy Hey I want to be part of
that watch the lieutenant as his right one sock and that's this guy
or gal I want to fall okay if your full failures all the drills and
everybody's got to do it again because of that problem we can get
the truth PO fire all because the temporary sent the wrong signals in
that were misinterpreted it sold our is so do that is to continuously
for every day import into or for every day the important going to
do and it sure looks roles so if you're the guy with the the Dallas
look that to me at all I want to be on that team right okay if you
got a new person on the team that you need so working in you know one
with you I have been for a new team member walk with you thank you
then can evaluate the member the new team members capabilities and
you can figure out where that person will fit and more if you need
to do more trolls